{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11220\viewh14720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Lunar Lander Assignment\
\
Theme: Destruction of the dinosaurs \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
First Idea. Does not really have a \'91soft\'92 landing. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Logline: \
In this small 2d lunar lander you are an asteroid that wants to destroy all life on a planet. However unfortunately there are big dinosaurs living there that would dampen your impact if you land on them. Try to land on the perfect spot for maximum destruction. \'93does devilshorns\'94 Yeah!\
\
\
Theme: Discovering Atlantis\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Second Idea. Would introduce two meters \'91O2\'92 & \'92Submarine integrity\'92 . I like the setting\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Logline: \
In this small 2d lunar lander you are a submarine trying to find the sunken city of Atlantis. Navigate through chasms under the sea while keeping your oxygen meter above zero. Collect oxygen bubbles and avoid bumping into rocks to land on the doorstep to Atlantis. \
\
Features:\
\
Multiple screens: Main menu, How to play, game, game over\
\
Steerable submarine that accelerates into the direction of the mouse\
\
Constantly depleting o2 meter to be filled up by swimming through air bubbles\
\
Submarines structural integrity that acts as player health and goes down if an obstacle is hit\
\
A kind of scrollable screen where not all of the environment is shown the entire time\
\
}